Okay, right now we are ready to do our third
braid and have no worries about the thickness
up here and the thinness down here. It is
going to be just great. Always keep in mind
to keep your hair really tight and that is
going to help keep it centered. So we start
it the same with the three pieces and going
under make sure you get everything nice and
separate so that the braid will stay nice
and smooth. And cross under and really try
to keep your fingers nice and close to the
scalp. That is going to help you keep a good
grip and a good position. So just grab it
right there and keep grabbing right next to
the braid where it was. If you grab too tight,
your client will always let you know. So have
no worries about that. Just keep grabbing
and going underneath. Get all of that hair
out of your way. We will just keep working
down and as long as you keep all of your hair
held on real tight, you will see that it stays
centered going all the way down and as long
as it is in the middle, you have no worries
when you get to the thinner section of the
hair. It will be right where it is suppose
to be. Just keep adding. The key to this hair
style is really in the parting. All braids
are the same. They are all done the same way.
So, just keep this. Remember on that bottom
one to really pull that tight so that this
can grab all of it. We are going to go ahead
and braid all the way down. And you see we've
got our nice third braid. And we are going
to keep doing this throughout the whole bottom
section. We are going to have a little bit
more fun on top. This is great for a base
for it to have braids hanging over these nice
straight braids on the back of the head.